[Longing Heart]
Subtitles by DramaFever
Do you get it now?
The person who should've
gotten on that boat on that day...
was me.
If only I hadn't given your mother
my ferry ticket
then...
so...
don't you ever forgive me.
Hate me and resent me...
and when you get tired of hating me...
when that time comes...
just forget about everything.
I'll forever live on...
without ever forgetting.
["In Search of Lost Time"
by Marcel Proust]
[Shin Woo, I have something to tell you.]
[I'll wait for you at Firefly Bridge
at 11 o' clock tomorrow.]
Everything started with this note
and everything...
ended with this note.
This makes no sense.
How is it that the only person
who can't say...
that I'm glad that nothing
happened to her...
and that I'm glad that she's safe...
is me, of all people?
How?
When, in the function f(x),
x equals a...
and when the value of f(x)
approaches the value of a...
- Huh?
- Whose is that?
it becomes a divergent sequence.
Mr. Kang.
I think that's your phone.
Huh?
Oh.
Just a second.
Aren't you neglecting me a bit too much?
What kind of guardian are you?
You've been leaving a minor all alone
by himself for several days.
I've been busy
because of school.
What is it?
- They said that I can be discharged.
- Really?
Want me to go to the hospital?
No. I took care of all of the
discharge procedures.
I'll be at home.
All right.
Um...
have you seen Ji Soo lately?
I see her right now.
I'm only telling you this because I don't
want to keep this bottled up inside me
but I haven't been able to talk to her
properly these past couple of days.
Because...
she's been in the ER for the past couple
of days without eating or resting.
You said that you wanted to
see me, right?
Well, I...
lived all this time, hoping that
I wouldn't see you.
Remember what I said last time?
About how we should never
see each other again?
I meant that.
Me first, me first!
- Me first!
- No, me!
- Me too, me too!
- My name is Seo Joon.
Just a second.
Me too, me too!
Wow, thank you!
What are you all doing?
Aren't you going back to the classroom?
- Ugh.
- Man.
Eh?
Why did you come to school?
I told you that I was coming
to the school today.
Oh.
Mokzart called me in.
He wanted me to do that thing...
what's it called?
It's that thing... uh, "dotori!"
(means "acorn")
You mean, "mentoring?"
Yeah, that!
Yep.
Jeez.
I wonder if those kids know...
that you can't even tell the difference
between "mentoring" and "dotori."
You're not going to tell them, are you?
Wow.
This really takes me back.
You must feel like you're back
in high school every day
when you look at them.
Oh yeah, I went to
Min Seok's house yesterday.
Do you really
still like Ji Soo?
Hey.
Why not give it
another shot with her, then?
It was really nice...
back when we were that age.
When we were out there together
and when I was watching
you guys from here...
I was really happy.
That really was...
the happiest time of my life.
And so...
I've decided to be
satisfied...
with just that.
What are you talking about?
I liked Ji Soo.
I liked her.
I have to go to class now,
so I'll be going now.
You can look around the
school more if you want.
Huh?
Wasn't that book your most
treasured possession?
I'm going to get rid of it.
Because I'm never
going to read it again.
Now, everything really is...
over.
My very, very long...
first love.
I no longer feel that I can be
a useful contributor
to the goals and missions
of the organization.
Oh, and the phrase,
"no longer feel to" over here
means that they don't
feel a certain way anymore.
Remember that part.
Memorize everything
that we covered today.
We'll have a test on it
during the next class.
What the...
- Which bastard is it today?
- Goodbye, Teacher.
A blind date?
A marriage meeting?
Or are you just using them?
Which one is it today?
What are you talking about?
That hairpin.
Who are you meeting up with
that you have it on today?
A man, who else?
You told me to put it on
whenever I'm meeting up with a man.
Yeah, so...
Who's the man?
A nice, new Benz.
What do you mean, "a Benz..."
Want to go somewhere to eat?
There's something I want to eat
but apparently, they will only
serve two servings or more.
- Ms. Baek.
- I'm going to drink alcohol, too.
Do you want to take off that pin
before we go, then?
You can bite down
on some other things instead.
- Ugh!
- Ow!
Hurry up and get in!
What are you doing?
I really didn't take you for that
kind of person, Mr. Kang
but you really are petty.
What do you mean?
You hid them on purpose, didn't you?
The previous questions on the CSAT!
So that I couldn't see!
What are you talking about?
And here, I was planning to memorize
all of the answers for the CSAT
and change how my life ended up.
I'm planning to head back.
To the year 2007.
I was so envious...
of my friends
who could have a drink
with their parents
after they grew up.
Then, who did you learn
drinking etiquette?
Jeez, how many times does your damned
company have staff dinners per week?
Shut it!
Huh?
You got released from
the hospital, I see!
What are you guys
doing right now?
Well, um...
Mr. Kang said that it's best to learn
drinking etiquette from an adult, so...
Hey! What are you
doing to the kid?
Who the hell educates people on drinking
etiquette with beer, of all things?
Isn't there any soju?
I'll teach him properly.
Give me a sec.
Take care of this situation.
It's okay!
It's totally fine.
Oh, there's soju inside!
Yes!
Yes, go inside.
Straight inside.
Now you see who you would've learned
drinking etiquette from, right?
On the day that you turn
twenty years old
you'll feel as if
you'd be better off dead...
because you'll wake up vomiting
from being so hung over.
It's such a relief to know that
beforehand.
When you go back...
take good care of Big Sis.
You've already mourned over Mom
while you were here...
but for Big Sis, it'll be the
toughest time of her life.
All right.
Oh.
Is there anything you heard
from Ji Soo?
I heard her say...
that she likes you.
Ji Soo said that
she likes you!
So...
I'm planning to go back.
Everything ended well.
So I just need to
try my best now.
Yeah.
I'll do my best.
But, you know, Mr. Kang.
Did you know...
that you can even be
jealous of yourself?
Now, I've even found out
that you're me from the future.
But even so...
I was envious of you.
Ji Soo's first love
was you.
And the one that she likes
right now is you, too.
The one that Ji Soo likes
has never been...
me, at this age.
I never go to hear...
Ji Soo say to me...
that she likes me.
But, did you know...
that, in this world...
there will be some things
that you wish you'd never heard?
That...
would have been the less painful
of the two options.
You'll find out what I mean
when you become an adult.
Ugh, go away, already!
I tend to sleep on my left side!
Do you think I'd tend to sleep
on my right side, then?
Ugh, come on!
"Ugh, come on!"
Mr. Kang.
What?
Is college nice?
It's just whatever.
Is it nice when you
become an adult?
No.
Not really.
But still, it's nice to make
your own money, right?
Are you kidding me?
It's the best when someone else
is making money for you.
You have to instill some hope
in me about the future!
Haven't you ever heard of
a "white lie?"
What did you actually
enjoy in your life, then?
Waiting.
I thought that...
today, or maybe the next day...
or maybe the day after that...
I'd run into her,
maybe just once.
And I waited.
For who?
Who do you think?
But now...
I know...
that...
I'll have to wait ten years
to see Ji Soo again.
But still, you can cling to the hope that
you'll see her in ten years.
That'll help you
press onward.
You said that you heard it yourself.
And you told me that
Ji Soo said that likes me.
So now...
wouldn't the future
that's in store for both of us
that I don't know about
be a happy ending?
That's a pretty hopeful future you've got
waiting for you, don't you think?
Mr. Kang.
I...
was so happy to have
met you.
Because I found out that I grew up
to become quite a decent adult.
I'm sorry...
that I keep lying to you.
But the reason why
I keep lying to you...
is because I want to leave it for you
to deal with when you're an adult...
when you're ready to handle.
And let's not...
get angry...
or resent that thing
called fate.
After all...
we did get to smile a lot...
and had our hearts
skip a beat a lot...
and got to be quite happy.
That's more than good enough.
Right?
You've worked so hard.
Good job, Kang Shin Woo.
[Orthopedic Surgeon: Shin Joo Hwan]
Han Ji Soo.
Remember that promise you made me?
I want to use it today.
I get to have you today.
Yeah, the time will be...
What's your problem?
[No talking on the phone
during appointments]
I'm a patient whose appointment is now.
Didn't you get discharged?
I'm here for my treatment.
Damn.
There we go.
Deok Goo.
Meet me at the front door
of the hospital at 7 p.m.
Doctor.
I'm leaving today.
Leaving?
So...
Hang out with me,
just for today.
Yes, this is the hospital, correct?
Please connect me to Doctor Shin Joo
Hwan in the Orthopedics Department.
Whoa!
Let's go.
Oh, coming to places like this
reminds me of the past.
Me too.
Hey.
There's a huge generational
gap between us.
You grew up watching
Pororo, right?
Back in our days,
we watched "Young Shim" and "Ha Ni."
"Run, Ha Ni!"
Do you even know those shows?
Of course I do.
I watched those shows a lot
back in kindergarten.
Huh?
They still aired that show
when you were young?
Of course.
I even remember the times
that they aired.
Sundays and Mondays, at 1 o' clock!
Right after "National Singing Contest."
Yeah, that's right!
I watched a lot of other
cartoons too, besides "Ha Ni."
"Fly, Superboard," "Pokemon,"
"Duchi and Puku."
Yeah, that's right.
But, why doesn't it feel like
you're like the other kids your age?
It almost feels as if I'm talking
to my friends right now.
I have no idea who's who
when I watch TV nowadays.
Back in our day, the top
idol group was
- Girls' Generation.
But, isn't there anything
that you want?
I want to buy you something since
you're going far away.
Then...
give me that.
This?
Yes, as my birthday present.
Oh, it's your birthday?
No, my birthday has already passed.
But I still want this from you
as a birthday gift.
All right then, I'll give you your
present for next year early.
Happy birthday.
Now...
all of my wishes
have come true.
And finally...
there's a place that
I want to go to, with you.
I really wanted to...
say my final farewell
to you here.
I once had a friend.
But I didn't even know that
would be the last time I'd see her...
and I didn't even get to say
what I wanted to say to her.
And we parted ways here.
What did you want to say to her?
"I like you."
"I..."
"really like you, quite a bit."
That friend...
was my first love.
I was happy that...
I was able to meet that friend...
and was able to
fall for her.
Quite a bit.
It was the same for me.
Because...
I also had a first love.
By your first love
do you mean your homeroom
teacher from high school?
You said that last time
to your friends.
No.
The person whom I liked...
was my friend.
Kang Shin Woo.
That was...
his name.
I liked that friend of mine...
quite a lot.
[DramaFever Ver] E09 Longing Heart
-= Ruo Xi =-
Thank you for everything up until now...
Doctor.
I'm thankful too.
Whenever I was with you...
I felt as if I'd gone back to the past.
It felt like I could be happy again.
Just like I was back then.
Here.
This is a farewell gift.
I heard that it's raining this evening.
A long time ago, when
I part ways with that friend...
it was raining.
So, for the past ten years...
in my memory,
that friend of mine...
was always being rained on.
And that pained me so much.
Be healthy...
and take care.
You too, Doctor.
I must have grown attached to you
in this short amount of time.
Doctor.
I...
would like it if you
weren't in pain anymore.
So....
as soon as you leave
from this place...
turn your phone on
right away.
You want me to make it so that
Ji Soo can leave Garam Island?
You have the power to do that.
You can get her back to Seoul
or wherever else
that isn't here.
I just don't get it.
Didn't you like Ji Soo?
And yet, here you are, asking
another man who likes this woman
to help her leave,
when you like her.
To put it in your terms
I don't think you're
"following the rules."
No.
This is the final rule
that is left to me now.
To make sure that Ji Soo leaves
here, no matter what it takes...
and make it so that she won't
have to see me anymore.
And what...
is the reason for this?
Because Ji Soo will feel
more and more unhappy...
the more she sees me.
But before that
I must know what happened
between you and Ji Soo.
But...
did you and Deok Goo
plan this, by any chance?
Deok Goo?
Why is it that both of you came
to see me, and said the same things?
Doctor.
Yeah?
I have a favor to ask of you.
Isn't it too much of a waste to keep
Doctor Han Ji Soo in the countryside?
I feel like Seoul suits her better.
Please make that happen.
If you do that...
then I'll give up my place
as first in line to you.
[From: Senior Joo Hwan]
I told you that I'd tell you
my name, right?
My name is...
is Kang Shin Woo.
Don't you ever forgive me.
Hate me and resent me...
and when you get tired
of hating me
just forget about everything.
I'll forever live on
without ever forgetting this.
Kang Shin Woo.
That was... his name.
I liked him...
quite a lot.
[One Month Later]
Ugh.
I don't want to go to school!
You have no choice but to go
if you want to make a living.
What are you going to do
if you don't go?
Are you going to dig up dirt
and eat that instead?
Hurry up and get out here!
Let's eat breakfast.
Don't you mean, "make breakfast?"
Ugh, I shouldn't have
moved back here.
I should've lived alone in Seoul.
Ugh!
We lived together for only
a couple of days
but it's become a habit already.
That punk went back.
But there were still traces of him
left behind, here and there.
Hey, Kang Shin Woo!
I told you not to only pick out
the stems and eat them!
Ow!
I thought you fixed that
bad habit when you grew up
How much older do you need to get
to stop doing this, already?
This wasn't me!
Only you and I live here, so
who else would've done it?
There was one other person here!
Oh yeah.
Oh, as if!
You're trying to blame him, when
his life is pitiful enough?
How could there be another kid with
the same terrible eating habits as you?
Wow!
Is he doing well?
What about the loan sharks?
Did they all leave?
Well... yeah.
Probably.
Aren't you even worried?
Why don't you worry about the brother
that's right in front of you, instead?
He's doing fine.
It's because he's doing fine now
that I'm doing fine now, too.
There were some changes that
happened after he went back.
When we started occupying
different space-times
the memories that
he had from back then
were shared with me.
Mr. Kang! Tell us about your first love!
- Whoo!
How about you guys
change up your repertoire?
Aren't you guys
tired of hearing about it?
We heard that you told
the other class about it!
About how you fell for your
first love at first sight!
- Tell us!
Where did you meet her?
And how, exactly?
Well, the thing is... um...
I caught her when she
jumped from the gate...
Oh.
Oh, I made a three-pointer
with a basketball, and...
Wait, no.
Was it the bus?
- Oh, come on!
- What the...
Did you go out with her?
Did you confess?
Oh, as for my confession...
when I met her for the first time
in 10 years, in Seoul...
No, ten years ago,
at Firefly Bridge...
Wait, no.
That wasn't ten years ago.
- Huh?
- What's with him?
Hey, there.
[My Honey]
So you are dating, Na Hee.
Oh my gosh!
N-no, I'm not!
Oh, as if.
Who is that?
Is that the man that you went
on a blind date with, last time?
That's a definite no!
I won't look, so chat away
to your heart's content!
What about you?
Have you been seeing someone lately?
You're always on your phone these days.
After he went back
I started getting letters
from the past.
Hey there.
Hi.
Mr. Kang.
You were waiting for my
email again, weren't you?
Because I'm probably the
only one who contacts you.
Look at him, acting like the
same doesn't apply to him.
[2007]
That's right.
Who am I kidding?
I'm the same as you
in that regard.
Damn it.
I shouldn't have gotten it fixed
after it got water damaged.
Huh?
What is this?
[Voice Mail]
When did I get this?
Do they send spam through
voice mails now, too?
At any rate, I'm only sending this
because I feel bad for the 28-year-old me
who'll be all by his lonesome
in the chilly autumn weather.
Oh yeah.
I almost forgot to tell you since
things have been so hectic, but...
I think that there is
something going on
between Geun Deok
and Na Hee.
Or, as you'd say
in 2017 lingo...
they're "flirting up a storm."
On the day that all of our friends
met up together in 2017
I saw the two of them on
my way back to the hospital.
Yeah.
That's right.
Of course I miss you, too.
I love you!
Then, the guy she was talking to
before was Choo Geun Deok?
Oh gosh, I saw something
that I shouldn't have seen!
Ugh, I'm getting goosebumps!
Where are you going?
What are you doing?
Just focus on studying.
Come on, where are you going?
Ugh, I'm getting goosebumps.
Oh gosh, I saw something
that I shouldn't have seen!
Mr. Kang.
You know everything now, right?
About how I lied and pretended
not to know about Ji Soo.
But let's just agree...
to let that one slide.
After all, you lied too.
You really were great at lying.
You were really great at lying, Mr. Kang.
Number two.
- So...
- X minus one...
how are you doing now,
Mr. Kang?
I won't fall for your lies anymore.
Because...
right now, I...
am not okay.
So...
there's no way that
you'd be okay.
[I told you that I'd tell you my name.
It's Kang Shin Woo.]
Here's what you asked for, Doctor.
The only personal information we have on
this patient is about his guardian.
You could contact his guardian if you
need anything, couldn't you?
It's fine.
I just had a suspicion about something,
but it would just make no sense.
But, Doctor.
I'm so sad that we couldn't have a
proper farewell party for you.
Today's your last day here, isn't it?
Yes.
Today's my last day.
The plane is taking off
tomorrow afternoon
so let's leave early tomorrow morning.
I'd want to have the airplane come
here and pick us up, if I could
but that's not quite within
my level of authority.
If you just endure the
boat ride tomorrow
I'll make it so that you'll only ever
take planes for the rest of your life.
It's too bad, though
since I don't know if I'll be
needing to take a plane ever again.
I'm heading to the U.S. now
because of the training program
but I'm thinking about staying there,
since I'm making the trip over anyway
since my parents are
both over there, too.
Then I'll come and settle down
there with you.
Can't you be serious for once, Senior?
Last time, when I saw your text
and came to meet you
I was so surprised since you asked me to
come to the U.S. with you out of nowhere.
I told you, my father
told me to go.
He said it'd be best for me to go far
away, where he won't be able to see me
since he can't stand me.
How will you get used to living there,
when all you eat is Korean food?
It's not important what I eat,
whether it may be bread or rice.
What's important is that
I'll be eating with you.
I'm sorry.
If I'd known sooner, I never
would have brought you here.
I'm sorry I can't hang out with you
when today is your last day in Korea.
I have to go say farewell
to a lot of people.
I have a place that I need to visit, too.
It'll go well with your skin tone.
Welcome!
So Ra!
Oh, Ji Soo!
Here we go.
Are you enjoying your job?
It's not ever easy working
for someone else.
It's just whatever.
But still.
You seem a lot happier.
I guess the working mom life suited me
more than being a housewife.
But, what brings you here?
I'm leaving tomorrow, So Ra.
This time, I wanted to tell you
properly before I left.
To where?
Are you going back to Seoul?
I'm going to the U.S.
And this time...
I don't think I'll be coming back.
Does Shin Woo know, too?
But I think that...
Shin Woo will be relieved
that I chose to do this.
If you ever bring up Han Ji Soo
in front of me, I'll kill you!
You got that?
You all better remember that.
I don't want to hear about
a wench like her
so don't even say the "Han"
part of "Han Ji Soo!"
But still, she must have
had her reasons.
What reason?
What reason could she have for leaving
without even a call, or showing her face?
Could you do that to us,
if you were in her shoes?
That's a valid point.
Forget about us. I'm sure she knew
that Shin Woo's mother passed away, too.
Exactly!
How could she do that
to Shin Woo, too?
And after all that Shin Woo
did for her, too!
Ji Soo actually did contact me.
There was a note inside of
the book you gave me, Min Seok.
She wanted to meet up.
So?
Did you meet with her?
No.
Why not?
I knew what she would say, anyway.
So there was no need for her
to relive such a miserable experience.
What do you mean?
What was Ji Soo
going to say?
Just...
a confession that
I didn't need to hear.
A confession that
she didn't need to make.
Just something like that.
It would have just been painful...
for both of us.
So...
don't be too hard on
Ji Soo, you guys.
Just...
think things like...
"she must have had a
good reason..."
and "I hope she's doing well," okay?
Ugh, how frustrating!
What? What?
What is it this time?
I threw away the food waste,
and cleaned the bathroom!
And the kids are eating
at my mom's place.
I didn't say anything.
What is it, then?
Want me to give you a massage?
I told you to use your hands
for drawing, not for massaging!
Ugh, I can't stand it anymore.
I have to tell him.
Despite what may have
happened between those two
I can't just sit here and do nothing.
Ugh!
Yeah, So Ra?
Tomorrow?
Mr. Kang.
The fact that...
I didn't go to meet
Ji Soo on that day...
was the right decision to make, right?
But, to be honest...
I wanted to see her one more time...
if only even like that.
I know.
Because I feel the same way right now.
Mr. Kang.
If...
If I hadn't met Ji Soo on the bus
on the day that she'd
transferred to our school...
do you think that I wouldn't
have ended up liking her?
Even if you hadn't...
I'm sure that you would have...
ended up falling for her
at another time instead.
Because I went through
that same thing.
Then...
is fate something that
we can't do anything about...
no matter how many times...
we relive the same experiences?
If that's the case...
even if we turn back time again...
we'd probably end up
like this again.
Ji Soo will feel miserable
when she looks at us.
And we will feel pain again because
we will have to let Ji Soo go.
This is probably our fate...
and Ji Soo's fate, right?
Mr. Kang...
I'm sorry.
That's why...
I will change the future.
The things that have
happened to you already
are still in the future for me.
So, I...
will not meet with Ji Soo
10 years in the future, in Seoul.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Longing Heart]
Shouldn't you really throw
that photo out, now?
I think I'll have to meet with
a certain person, after all.
The fact that you always
treasured that photo so much
was because of that friend, right?
Did you get a call from Mom on the day
she got into the accident, by any chance?
No, I didn't.
I'll believe that.
I've decided to bet
everything on that future.
Because I can't have your present life
or Ji Soo's present life
change because of me.
But I finally understand
what you meant, though.
Forever...
My last request...
I'm sorry.
I'm going to change the future.
Everything that happened between
you and Ji Soo will disappear.
But I...
hope that we part ways with Ji Soo
when we're eighteen
and never meet her again.
There's no need for us to
repeat an encounter...
that will only cause both of us pain.